Introduce new COCOTB_TEST_FILTER varible (#3841)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/3578.change.2.rst

> The :envvar:`TESTCASE` variable has been changed so each element of :envvar:`TESTCASE` now matches all tests that match the test name across all :envvar:`MODULE`\ s instead of just the first one found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of the :envvar:`TESTCASE` variable has been changed so that each element of :envvar:`TESTCASE` will now select all tests with a matching name across all :envvar:`MODULE`\ s instead of just the first one found.
```
